[EuiSelect] allow select's value to be reset with an undefined value (#4428)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

- Added a `size` prop to `EuiContextMenu` and added a smaller size ([#4409](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4409))

> - Allowed visual state of `EuiSelect` with `hasNoInitialSelection` to be reset with `value={undefined}` ([#4428](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4428))

Reviewer: Sorry just don't like the word "Allowed" 😄 

```suggestion
- Removed selected item of `EuiSelect` when `hasNoInitialSelection=true` and value reset to `undefined` ([#4428](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4428))
```
